Homework 3

White-box and Black-box attack
Dataset：MNIST or CIFAR-10
Content: 
Write write-box and black-box attack codes by yourself. Then load a pretrained model and evaluate it under the above attack. You can follow the following steps:
	Finish the code for FGSM and PGD attack with L_∞ constraint.
	Choose one black-box attack method and finish its code.
	Load the attached pretrained model (smallcnn for MNIST, wrn for CIFAR-10) and evaluate the performance under the above attacks. 
(models and corresponding python files will be updated later.)
	Hyper-parameters for MNIST:
The limit on the perturbation size is ϵ=0.3 for both white-box and black-box attack.
The inner iteration for PGD is 10.
You should choose the step-size for PGD by yourself to reach the following success rate.

Hyper-parameters for CIFAR-10:
The limit on the perturbation size is ϵ=0.031 for both white-box and black-box attack.
The inner iteration for PGD is 10.
You should choose the step-size for PGD by yourself to reach the following success rate.

Besides the above settings, you could choose other hyperparameters to see the influence.
	The training procedure for both models didn’t involve data normalization. For this account, you only need “transforms.ToTensor()” for the test data.
	If you need another model for black-box attack, you may it by your-self.

Requirements: Submit your code and a pdf report in zip file. The report should include:
	Experimental setup. In other words, a clear description of the platform, the dataset, step-size you choose for PGD, the attack method you used (you should introduce the black-box method you choose clearly) and how to use your code to reproduce your results. If your code is built upon an online repository/article, please include a reference to it.
	Results. 
	List the success rate for different attacks in a table. 
For the white-box attack, your final success rate should be higher or equal to the following result.
MNIST	Success Rate
FGSM	65%-75%
PGD-10	98%

CIFAR-10	Success Rate
FGSM	80-90%
PGD-10	100%
For the black-box attack, you need to make sure your success rate is higher than the following result. (You may choose another black-box method if you can’t reach this score.)
Black-box	Success Rate
MNIST	40%
CIFAR10	70%

	Plot a figure to show the relationship between the success rate and the step-size of PGD. Suppose the final step-size for the above method is γ, you may plot a scatter diagram by choose the step-size equal to [γ/8,γ/4,γ/2,γ,2γ].
	You can try other hyperparameters. Then you can report the results and analyze their influence. (Optional)

Finally, your score will be mainly based on the following aspects:
	The results of the experiment.
	Whether your report is clear and well-formatted.
	Richness of the contents. Your score will be higher if you notice some interesting phenomenon or raise some special analysis(optional).

You must not:
	Cheat other’s report and codes
	Directly copy results from online articles or repository.


